Create a two-person board game that is based on tic tac toe, with the following differences. The board is 8 X 8 and players get 1 point for 3 in a row, 4 points for 4 in a row, and 9 points for 5 in a row. The game ends when one or both players achieve a score of 50 or higher. The game is housed on a server and the players access it on two different computers. This enables them to make their moves simultaneously, as follows: when the first player places his icon, X or O, on the board he sees it, but the other player doesn't see it until he places his own icon, at which point both players see both icons. If the second player attempts to place his icon on the same square as the first player, he is prevented from doing so and receives a message from the game informing him that the square is already occupied. The game also differs from tic tac toe in that only 5 Os and 5 Xs are allowed at one time Đ once 5 Os and 5 Xs have been placed on the board, on the next move the oldest O and X disappear, leaving only the 5 youngest. Here's now that looks to the players: Os are rendered in blue, Xs in red, but the saturation of each depends on the age of icon, in other words, now long it has been on the board. In order to make this progression clear to the players, the icons should fade gradually: as follows: when the first icons, are placed they should be rendered with 100% saturation Đ blue for Os and red for Xs. When the second icons are placed the first they should be rendered with 100% saturation but the first two should be reduced to 80% saturation. Once 5 pairs of icons are displayed they should be rendered as follows: 100% saturaton for the most recent, 80% for the second most recent, 60% for the next most recent, 40% for the next most recent, and finally 20% for the fifth most recent icons ĐĘthe ones that are scheduled to vanish on the next move. To start the game, the two players log into the server with the same URl. Each is prompted for his name; the first to log in is given a choice of playing the game locally, that is on a single computer, or hosting a game that is to be played on two computers.  The second player to log in is informed that a game has been started and, after entering his name, is placed in the game. The first player's icon is O, the second player's icon is X. Use git for version control and house the code in the Whisk2 repository on github.com/phrwtz. Use github pages for the backend.